{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18760\viewh13420\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 README for AOC Study (Sternberg & N-back)\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
The following are short descriptions of what the files in the respective folders in this OSF repository do. The titles below correspond to the folder names. Apart from the R scripts in \'92Stats\'92, all files are MATLAB scripts.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Paradigms\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The experimental paradigms \'82AOC_nback.m\'92 and \'82AOC_Sternberg.m\'91 are executed using \'82master.m\'91. The dependencies can be found in this folder as well.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Preprocessing
\f1\b0 \
EEG and ET files are cut by \'82doCutting.m\'91 using the \'82cutData\'91 function. The electrode layout from \'82standard_1005.elc\'91 is used for this. The cut EEG and ET files are  preprocessed using Automagic and subsequently merged using \'82mergeData.m\'91. \'82AOC_preprocessing_nback.m\'91 and \'82AOC_preprocessing_sternberg.m\'91 segment the merged data and save distinct data files for EEG and ET data for each condition.\
\

\f0\b Feature Extraction\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The behavioral files extract accuracy and reaction times. The eeg files extract alpha power over occipital electrodes. The gaze files extract gaze deviation. All files save structure arrays for each subject and each condition, which are combined in ,AOC_master_matrix_nback.m\'92 and ,AOC_master_matrix_sternberg.m\'92. Note, however, that the alpha power structure array is only created with \'82AOC_eeg_alpha_power_nback.m\'91 and  \'82AOC_eeg_alpha_power_sternberg.m\'91, respectively.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Behavioral\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Visualizes accuracy and reaction times in boxplots.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Gaze
\f1\b0 \
Visualizes gaze deviation as euclidean distances in boxplots.\
\

\f0\b Alpha Power\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Calculates IAF and alpha power, saves the structure array and visualizes as boxplots, power spectra and topoplots.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Stats
\f1\b0 \
R scripts for the GLMMs.\
\

\f0\b Additional Files\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Additional necessary files and functions: colorbrewer for colormaps, layANThead for the electrode layout of the ANT Neuro eeg cap, and shadedErrorBar for the power spectra plots. }